aks-baseline-regulated -- Adding Secrets Store native CSI Driver for Kubernetes (#21)
mspnp/aks-baseline-regulated: docs/deploy/10-pre-bootstrap.md

   az acr import --source docker.io/jettech/kube-webhook-certgen:v1.5.1 -t quarantine/jettech/kube-webhook-certgen:v1.5.1 -n $ACR_NAME_QUARANTINE
   ```

>    > For simplicity we are NOT importing images that are coming from Microsoft Container Registry's (MCR) `oss` repository. This is not an endorsement of the suitability of those images to be pulled without going through quarantine or depending public container registries for production runtime needs. All container images that you bring to the cluster should pass through your quarantine process. For transparency, images that we skipped importing are for the Kubernetes native CSI Secrets Store pre-deployed to your cluster like other add-ons (E.g. Azure Policy, Azure Monitor, Azure AD Pod Identity, Open Service Mesh). We recommend you do bring these into this import process, and once you've done that you can update the Azure Policy `allowedContainerImagesRegex` in [`cluster-stamp.json`](../../cluster-stamp.json) to remove `mcr.microsoft.com/oss/.+` as a valid source of images, leaving just `<your acr instance>/live/.+` as the only valid source for non-system namespaces.

Reviewer: The wording for this paragraph is not accurate after your change. I'm pretty sure this whole paragraph can be removed or maybe better, changed in its core messaging. I'm pretty sure this is the LAST mcr reference, so you'll want to remove the mentioned Azure Policy exception like the paragraph says to do.  I'll let you take another swing at editing this up, let me know if you need help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > The above imports account for 100% of the containers that you are actively bringing to the cluster, but not those that come with the AKS service itself or any of its add-ons. Those images, outside of your direct control, are all sourced from Microsoft Container Registry's (MCR). While you do not have an affordance to inject yourself in the middle of their distribution to your cluster, you can still pull those images through your inspection process for your own audit and reporting purposes. _All container images that you directly bring to the cluster should pass through your quarantine process._ The _Allowed Images_ Azure Policy associated with this cluster should be configured to match your specific needs. Be sure to update `allowedContainerImagesRegex` in [`cluster-stamp.json`](../../cluster-stamp.json) to define expected image sources to whatever specificity is manageable for you. Never allow a source that you do not intend to use. For example, if you do not bring Open Service Mesh into your cluster, you can remove the existing allowance for `mcr.microsoft.com` as a valid source of images, leaving just `<your acr instance>/live/` repositories as the only valid source for non-system namespaces.
```
